today we're going to talk about the
Brooks cadence it's just one of four
shoes in the Brooks pure project line so
the idea behind these shoes is to help
promote a more natural way of running
kind of work with your body rather than
against it shoes real lightweight real
flexible kind of allows you to land more
on your forefoot and to push off more
naturally like all of the Brooks pure
project shoes
the cadence has a four millimeter drop
from the heel down to the forefoot the
same design features of inverted heel
design the toe flex the NAB band and the
anatomical ass the midsole is also a
dual density material so that it's a
little bit firmer on the medial side the
shoe weighs in at nine point five ounces
which is a little bit heavier than the
pure flow and as you can see that
anatomical last is a little bit wider
than the pure connect this will keep you
from over pronating if you're a slide
over pronator so overall it's a nice
smooth ride
it's real lightweight real flexible you
could really feel the ground where
you're running and it still gives you a
little bit of support so if you
overpronate if you're used to a shoe
like the Brooks Adrenaline or the Brooks
ravenna this would be a good shoe to
transition into and you know you can
take it out on the trails and either
challenge yourself and I think you'll
feel that you're running with a more
efficient stride more naturally